Okay,
so to speak,
about viewing and changing the data source for a pivot table.
So here I've got a pivot table in this worksheet this called pivot,
and in order to view and change the A source for it,
I can just select to sell inside the pivot table and then go to the anal.
I step on the ribbon and then click on change data source.
As you can see here,
the data source for the spirit table is just a range of cells here in the worksheet called
Data Range and basically this range of cells if we add more rose to it.
So when we add more rows store data,
the pivot table is not going to detect these rows,
so it's not gonna include them.
So that's Strider,
actually.
So if you go to the worksheet called Data Range,
and if you select themselves here and just duplicate them by pressing control in diesel,
so like some of the blank rows churl indeed to duplicate.
So I'm just adding more rose to my data,
and then I go back to my pivot table and then go to the analysed have on the ribbon click
on change data source.
As you can see here,
the data source has not included the new rose.
So what we need to do is to include in euros we can select all the rosier Aiken,
just press shift as I select more cells and then press control shift down on my keyboard to
select all the rows,
so that's one way of doing it.
But the better way is to put my data in a data table.
So here is another worksheet that contains a data table.
So,
actually,
if I switch my data source to the data table So if I make this data source might data table
here called TVL sales So this way,
whenever I add new rose,
they will actually be included.
If I add more rows to the table,
they will always be included.
So let's just copy Cem rose here and just paste them.
And let's check again the data source.
As you can see here,
the extra data has been included automatically.
This is why it's always a good practice to base your pivot tables on Excel data tables and
not just ranges because whenever you add extra data to your data tables,
the table are gonna include the extra data automatically and the pivot table are gonna
include them as well.
Where is when you have just a range of cells?
They will not be included automatically.
So that's a tip for you.
Because when you work with spreadsheets that other people have created,
they might not know this tip and they would create their pivot tables based on just data
ranges.
Normal data range is not the tables.
So you got to be aware of that,
S o always create data tables out of your data ranges,
and you can always,
of course,
convert you arrange to a data table by selecting any cell inside your range and then insert
table and you're able to create adidas table out of that and then make your pivot table get
its data from the data table.
So thanks for watching.
We'll see on the next one